Modified docs/api-docs/building-storefronts/abandoned-carts.md (#1330)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/building-storefronts/abandoned-carts.md

</div>

> Tina and Mark offer a powerful cart recovery system to help merchants recover lost business by effectively converting abandoned carts into orders. Using BigCommerce's built-in [Abandoned Cart Saver](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Using-the-Abandoned-Cart-Saver?language=en_US) tool, merchants can automate email campaigns to encourage customers to complete transactions after leaving items in their cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigCommerce offers a powerful cart recovery system to help merchants recover lost business by effectively converting abandoned carts into orders. Using BigCommerce's built-in [Abandoned Cart Saver](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Using-the-Abandoned-Cart-Saver?language=en_US) tool, merchants can automate email campaigns to encourage customers to complete transactions after leaving items in their cart.
```
